PEM-4503-managing_certificates copy for trusted CA certificate and keys (#3627)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pem/9/managing_certificates_copy.mdx

---
title: "Configuring Secure Connection with PEM Server"
navTitle: "Certificates Copy"
legacyRedirectsGenerated:
  # This list is generated by a script. If you need add entries, use the `legacyRedirects` key.
  - "/edb-docs/d/edb-postgres-enterprise-manager/user-guides/administrators-guide/8.0/managing_certificates.html"
# This file is moved from pem_admin/04_managing_certificates
redirects:
- /pem/latest/pem_admin/04_managing_certificates/
---

> PEM, by default, supports secured SSL or TLS connectivity and acts as its own certificate authority (CA) to generate certificates and keys for the PEM server and agent. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PEM, by default, supports SSL/TLS connections and acts as its own certificate authority (CA) to generate certificates and keys for the PEM server and agent. 
```

Author: Done

> During the initial PEM installation, the installer generates its own SSL CA certificates and keys for the PEM server and agent, which are then used for an encrypted connection between them. You can also replace the PEM self-signed CA certificate and key with trusted third-party CA certificates when configuring SSL on the PEM server. 

Reviewer: The SSL CA certificates and keys for the PEM server and agent gets generated during the PEM installation. These certificates and keys encrypt the connections between them. You can replace the PEM self-signed CA certificate and key with trusted third-party CA certificates.

Author: Done

## PEM self-signed CA certificate framework

> During the PEM Server configuration, the script generates self-signed CA certificates and key files for the PEM backend database server. Then, it configures the backend database server to use these certificates and keys for authentication and encryption purposes for the agent connections.

Reviewer: The PEM server configuration script generates self-signed CA certificates and key files for the PEM backend database server. The backend database server uses these certificates and keys to authenticate and encrypt the agent connections.

> During the PEM Server configuration, the script generates self-signed CA certificates and key files for the PEM backend database server. Then, it configures the backend database server to use these certificates and keys for authentication and encryption purposes for the agent connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PEM server configuration script generates self-signed CA certificates and key files for the PEM backend database server. The backend database server uses these certificates and keys to authenticate and encrypt the agent connections.
```

> The PEM server generates the following six files in the database directory:

Reviewer: The PEM server generates the certificates and key files in the data directory of the backend database server:

> The PEM server generates the following six files in the database directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PEM server generates the certificates and key files in the data directory of the backend database server:
```

- `ca_certificate.crt`
- `ca_key.key`
- `root.crt`
- `root.crl`
- `server.crt`
- `server.key`

> Note that the `ca_certificate.crt` and `ca_key.key` (self-signed CA certificates and key) files are used during the agent registration process to generate SSL certificates and key files for the agent. The `root.crt` file is a copy of the `ca_certificate.crt` file and used as the root certificate for the backend database server, for example, set as `ssl_ca_file` in the `postgresql.conf`.

Reviewer: I still need inputs to describe root.crl, server.crt and server.key

> Note that the `ca_certificate.crt` and `ca_key.key` (self-signed CA certificates and key) files are used during the agent registration process to generate SSL certificates and key files for the agent. The `root.crt` file is a copy of the `ca_certificate.crt` file and used as the root certificate for the backend database server, for example, set as `ssl_ca_file` in the `postgresql.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ca_certificate.crt and ca_key.key are self-signed CA certificates and key files used during the agent registration process to generate the agent's SSL certificates and key files.

The root.crt file is a copy of the ca_certificate.crt file and is used as the root certificate for the backend database server, for example, set as ssl_ca_file in the postgresql.conf file.
```

> Before you begin to configure PEM Self-signed CA certificates and keys, see PostgreSQL’s  [Secure TCP/IP Connections with SSL](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ssl-tcp.html) for additional information about how to configure SSL on the server side. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before configuring PEM Self-signed CA certificates and keys, see PostgreSQL’s [Secure TCP/IP Connections with SSL](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ssl-tcp.html) for additional information about how to configure SSL on the server side. 
```

### PEM self-signed CA certificate expiration

> The expiration date of the `ca_certificate.crt` file is monitored by the PEM agent installed with the PEM server. When the certificate is about to expire, PEM performs the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PEM agent installed with the PEM server monitors the expiration date of the `ca_certificate.crt` file. When the certificate is about to expire, PEM performs these steps:
```

> - Make a backup of the existing certificate files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Makes a backup of the existing certificate files
```

> - Create new certificate files, appending the new CA certificate file to the `root.crt` file on the PEM server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create new certificate files and appends the new CA certificate file to the `root.crt` file on the PEM server
```

> - Create new certificate files, appending the new CA certificate file to the `root.crt` file on the PEM server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Creates new certificate files, appending the new CA certificate file to the `root.crt` file on the PEM server
```

> - Create a job that renews the certificate file of any active agents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a job to renew the certificate file of any active agents
```

- Restarts the PEM server

> If you uninstall an agent, the certificate associated with that agent is added to the certificate revocation list maintained in the `root.crl` file to ensure you can't use the certificate to connect to the PEM server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you uninstall an agent, the certificate associated with the agent gets added to the certificate revocation list maintained in the `root.crl` file to ensure you can't use the certificate to connect to the PEM server.
```

> ## Generating agent and server certificates and key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Generating and updating agent SSL certificates 
```

In addition, you should move the `agent.key` and `agent.crt` files generated in the following steps 2 and 3 into place on their respective PEM agent host before generating the next certificate and key file pair.

Perform the following steps to generate a PEM agent certificate and key file pair:

1.  Use psql to find the number of agents and their corresponding identifiers:

    ```shell
    /usr/pgsql-x/bin/psql -U postgres -d pem --no-psqlrc -t -A -c "SELECT ID FROM pem.agent"
    ```

-   On Linux, you can also find the agent identifier and location of the keys and certificates in the `PEMagent` section of the `/etc/postgres-reg.ini` file.

-   On Windows, the information is stored in the registry:

    -   On a 64-bit Windows installation, check:

    ```shell
    HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Wow6432Node\EnterpriseDB\PEM\agent
    ```

    -   On a 32-bit Windows installation, check:

    ```shell
    HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\EnterpriseDB\PEM\agent
    ```

2.  After identifying the agents that need key files, generate an `agent.key` for each agent. To generate the key, execute the following command, capturing the output in a file:

    ```shell

>     /usr/pgsql-x/bin/psql -U postgres -d pem --no-psqlrc -t -A -c "SELECT openssl_rsa_generate_key(1024)" > agent.key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /usr/pgsql-x/bin/psql -U postgres -d pem --no-psqlrc -t -A -c "SELECT openssl_rsa_generate_key(4096)" > agent.key
```

    ```

    Modify the privileges of the `agent.key` file:

    ```shell
    chmod 600 agent.key
    ```

3.  To generate a certificate for each agent, execute the following command, capturing the output in a certificate file:

    ```shell
    /usr/pgsql-x/bin/psql -U postgres -d pem --no-psqlrc -t -A -c
    "SELECT openssl_csr_to_crt(openssl_rsa_key_to_csr('$(cat agent.key)',
    'agent<$ID>', 'US', 'MA', 'Bedford', 'Postgres Enterprise Manager',
    'support@enterprisedb.com'),
    '/var/lib/pgsql/x/data/ca_certificate.crt',
    '/var/lib/pgsql/x/data/ca_key.key')" > agent.crt
    ```

    Where `$ID` is the agent number of the agent (retrieved by the psql command line).

4.  Modify the privileges of the `agent.crt` file:

    ```shell
    chmod 600 agent.crt
    ```

> ### Replacing agent’s existing certificate and key files with newly generated files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Replace each agent's key and certificate file with the newly generated files before restarting the PEM agent service:
```

> You must replace each agent's existing certificates and key file with the newly generated files before restarting the PEM agent service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

- Linux
    -   On Linux with `init.d`, restart the service with the command:

    ```shell
    /etc/init.d/pemagent start
    ```

    -   On Linux with `systemd`, restart the service with the command:

    ```shell
    systemctl start pemagent
    ```

- Windows
    - On a Windows host, you can use the Services applet to start the PEM agent. The PEM agent service is named Postgres Enterprise Manager Agent. Select the service name in the Services dialog box and select **Start the service**.

> ## Updating agent SSL certificates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Replacing agent SSL certificates
```

> You can update the self-signed SSL certificates on an existing PEM installation. If you upgrade your server to a new version simultaneously, invoke all PEM installers (first the server installer, then agent installers) before replacing the SSL certificates. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can update the self-signed SSL certificates on an existing PEM installation. If you upgrade your server to a new version simultaneously, invoke all PEM installations (first the server installation, then the agent installation) before replacing the SSL certificates. 
```

> Perform the following steps to update the self-signed SSL certificates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform this steps to update the self-signed SSL certificates:
```

> 1.  Stop all running PEM agents, first on the server host, and then on any monitored node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Stop all running PEM agents, first on the server host and then on any monitored host.
```

    To stop a PEM agent on a Linux host, open a terminal window, assume superuser privileges, and enter the command:

>     On Linux with `systemd`, for example, Centos 7 or 8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 
```

    ```shell

>     systemctl stop pemagent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# For example, on CentOS 7 or 8
    systemctl stop pemagent
```

You can manually replace certificate files.

## PEM Self-signed CA certificates and keys

PEM Server generates self-signed CA certificates and key files for the PEM backend database server. Then, it configures the backend database server to use these certificates for authentication and encryption purposes for the agent connections. 

The PEM server generates the following six files in the database directory:

- `ca_certificate.crt`
- `ca_key.key`
- `root.crt`
- `root.crl`
- `server.crt`
- `server.key`

Note that the `ca_certificate.crt` and `ca_key.key` (self-signed CA certificates and key) files are used during the agent registration process to generate SSL certificates and key files for the agent. The root.crt file is a copy of the ca_certificate.crt file and used as the ROOT certificate for the backend database server, for example, set as 'ssl_ca_file' in the postgresql.conf. 

For more information on how PostgreSQL uses SSL certificates for the connection, see [Secure TCP/IP Connections with SSL](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ssl-tcp.html).

## Replacing SSL certificates

> You can replace the SSL certificates on an existing PEM installation. If you plan to upgrade your server to a new version at the same time, invoke all of the PEM installers (first the server installer, then agent installers) before replacing the SSL certificates. Then:

Reviewer: yes

The PEM server configuration script generates self-signed CA certificates and key files for the PEM backend database server. The backend database server uses these certificates and keys to authenticate and encrypt the agent connections.

The PEM server generates the certificates and key files in the data directory of the backend database server:

- `ca_certificate.crt`
- `ca_key.key`
- `root.crt`
- `root.crl`
- `server.crt`
- `server.key`

The `ca_certificate.crt` and `ca_key.key` are used during the agent registration process to generate the agent's SSL certificates and key files.

The `root.crt` file is a copy of the `ca_certificate.crt` file. You use the root certificate for the backend database server by setting the `ssl_ca_file` parameter as `root.crt` in the postgresql.conf file.

The `root.crl` file maintains the certificate revocation list of the agents. It ensures that the certificates associated with uninstalled agents are not in use.

The `server.crt` is the signed certificate for the PEM server and the `server.key` is the private key to the certificate. The PEM agent certificates get generated using this server certificate and key.

> The agent connects to the PEM backend database server using the libpq interface. It establishes the connection with the self-signed SSL certificate and key files generated during the self-registration.

Reviewer: agreed and moved

   On a Windows host, you can use the Services applet to stop the PEM agent. The PEM agent service is named Postgres Enterprise Manager Agent. Select the service name in the Services dialog box and select **Stop the service**.

2. Take a backup of the existing SSL certificates and keys. The SSL certificates and keys are stored in the `data` directory under your PEM installation. For example, the default location on a Linux system is:

    `/var/lib/pgsql/x/data`, where `x` is the PostgreSQL database version

    Copy the following files, adding an extension to each file to make the name unique:

    -   `ca_certificate.crt`
    -   `ca_key.key`
    -   `root.crt`
    -   `root.crl`
    -   `server.key`
    -   `server.crt`

    For example, to creates a backup of the `ca_certificate` file with the word `old` appended to the entry, use this command:

    ```shell
    # cp ca_certificate.crt ca_certificate_old.crt
    ```    

3.  Use the `openssl_rsa_generate_key()` function to generate the `ca_key.key` file:

    ```shell
    /usr/pgsql-x.x/bin/psql -U postgres -d pem --no-psqlrc -t -A -c "SELECT public.openssl_rsa_generate_key(1024)" > /var/lib/pgsql/x/data/ca_key.key
    ```

>     After creating the `ca_key.key` file, `cat` the contents to the variable `CA_KEY` for use when generating the `ca_certificate.crt` file. Modify the privileges on the `ca_key.key` file:

Reviewer 2: Make a separate step

```suggestion
    1.  `cat` the contents to the variable `CA_KEY` for use when generating the `ca_certificate.crt` file. Modify the privileges on the `ca_key.key` file:
```

    ```shell
    CA_KEY=$(cat /var/lib/pgsql/x/data/ca_key.key)

    chmod 600 /var/lib/pgsql/x/data/ca_key.key
    ```

4.  Use the key to generate the `ca_certificate.crt` file. For simplicity, place the SQL query in a temporary file with a unique name:

    ```shell
    echo "SELECT openssl_csr_to_crt(openssl_rsa_key_to_csr('${CA_KEY}',
    'PEM','US', 'MA', 'Bedford', 'Postgres Enterprise Manager',
    'support@enterprisedb.com'), NULL,
    '/var/lib/pgsql/x/data/ca_key.key')" > /tmp/_random.$$
    ```

>     Then use the variable to execute the query, placing the content in the `ca_certificate.crt` file.

Reviewer 2: Make a separate step
```suggestion
    1.  Use the variable to execute the query, placing the content in the `ca_certificate.crt` file.
```

    ```shell
    /usr/pgsql-x/bin/psql -U postgres -d pem --no-psqlrc -t -A -f /tmp/_random.$$ > /var/lib/pgsql/x/data/ca_certificate.crt
    ```

>     Modify the permissions of the `ca_certificate.crt` file, and remove the temporary file that contained the SQL command:

Reviewer 2: Make a separate step

    ```shell
    chmod 600 /var/lib/pgsql/x/data/ca_certificate.crt

    rm -f /tmp/_random.$$
    ```

5.  Reuse the `ca_certificate.crt` file as the `root.crt` file:

    ```shell
    cp /var/lib/pgsql/x/data/ca_certificate.crt /var/lib/pgsql/x/data/root.crt
    ```

    Modify the permissions of the `root.crt` file:

    ```shell
    chmod 600 /var/lib/pgsql/x/data/root.crt
    ```

6.  Use the `openssl_rsa_generate_crl()` function to create the certificate revocation list (`root.crl`):

    ```shell
    /usr/pgsql-x/bin/psql -U postgres -d pem --no-psqlrc -t -A -c
     "SELECT openssl_rsa_generate_crl('/var/lib/pgsql/x/data/ca_certificate.crt', '/var/lib/pgsql/x/data/ca_key.key')" > /var/lib/pgsql/x/data/root.crl
    ```

>     Modify the permissions of the `root.crl` file:

Reviewer 2: Make a separate step

    ```shell
    chmod 600 /var/lib/pgsql/x/data/root.crl
    ```

7.  Use the `openssl_rsa_generate_key()` function to generate the `server.key` file:

    ```shell
    /usr/pgsql-x/bin/psql -U postgres -d pem --no-psqlrc -t -A -c "SELECT public.openssl_rsa_generate_key(1024)" >> /var/lib/pgsql/x/data/server.key
    ```

>     After creating the `server.key` file, `cat` the contents to the variable `SSL_KEY` for use when generating the `server.crt` file and modify the privileges on the `server.key` file:

Reviewer 2: Make a separate step
```suggestion
    1.  `cat` the contents to the variable `SSL_KEY` for use when generating the `server.crt` file and modify the privileges on the `server.key` file:
```

    ```shell
    SSL_KEY=$(cat /var/lib/pgsql/x/data/server.key)

    chmod 600 /var/lib/pgsql/x/data/server.key
    ```

8.  Use the `SSL_KEY` to generate the server certificate. Save the certificate in the `server.crt` file. For simplicity, first place the SQL query into a temporary file with a unique name:

    ```shell
    echo "SELECT openssl_csr_to_crt(openssl_rsa_key_to_csr('${SSL_KEY}',
    'PEM','US', 'MA', 'Bedford', 'Postgres Enterprise Manager',
    'support@enterprisedb.com'),
    '/var/lib/pgsql/x/data/ca_certificate.crt',
    '/var/lib/pgsql/x/data/ca_key.key')" > /tmp/_random.$$

     /usr/pgsql-x/bin/psql -U postgres -d pem --no-psqlrc -t -A -f /tmp/_random.$$ >> /var/lib/pgsql/x/data/server.crt
    ```

9.  Modify the privileges on the `server.crt` file, and delete the temporary file:

    ```shell
    chmod 600 /var/lib/pgsql/x/data/server.crt

    rm -f /tmp/_random.$$
    ```

10. Restart the Postgres server:

>        On Linux with `init.d`, for example, on a Centos6 host:

Reviewer 2: use nested bulleted list for OS-specific instructions

    ```shell
    /etc/init.d/postgresql-x restart
    ```

    On Linux with `systemd`, for example, on a Centos7 host:

    ```shell
    systemctl restart postgresql-x
    ```

## Replacing PEM self-signed certificates and keys with trusted CA certificates and keys

Before replacing the PEM self-signed certificates and keys with the trusted third-party CA certificates and keys, you must get those certificates using the steps indicated in the third-party CA. 

After obtaining the trusted third-party CA certificates and keys, perform the following steps: 

- Replace PEM self-signed certificates and keys with trusted CA-signed certificates and keys
- Install trusted CA root and intermediate certificates
- Install trusted CA CRL
- Disable CRL usage by the server if the trusted third-party CA does not provide CRL

### Example: Replacing the server and agent certificates

This example shows you how to replace the self-signed certificates with the trusted CA certificates.

> We have PEM 9.1 server on CentOS 7 with EPAS 14 as the backend server and a standalone agent installed on another machine. We have to replace the certificates for the backend server, standalone agent and default agent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have PEM 9.1 server on CentOS 7 with EDB Postgres Enterprise Server 14 as the backend server and a standalone agent installed on another machine. We have to replace the certificates for the backend server, standalone agent, and default agent.
```

Perform the steps to update the self-signed SSL certificates:

1.  Make sure both the PEM agents and the PEM server are up and running.

> 1.  Take a backup of the existing SSL keys and certificates. The SSL keys and certificates are stored in the `data` directory under your PEM installation. For example, the default location on a Linux system is:

Reviewer 2: Since we are presenting this section as an example, don't use "for example" just provide the step you would use for EPAS 14 on CentOS.

Either removed the default location content or say "Since we are using CentOS in this example, the default location is ..."

    `/var/lib/edb-as/x/data`, where `x` is the EDB Postgres Advanced server database version

>     Copy the following files, adding an extension to each file to make the name unique:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Copy the following files, adding an extension (in this example "old") to each file to make the name unique:
```

    -   `ca_certificate.crt`
    -   `ca_key.key`
    -   `root.crt`
    -   `root.crl`
    -   `server.key`
    -   `server.crt`

>     For example, to create a backup of the `ca_certificate` file with the word `old` appended to the entry, use this command:

Reviewer 2: I'd remove this line.  We are already in the example, just show the code black.

    ```shell
    cp ca_certificate.crt ca_certificate_old.crt
    ```    

> 3.  Replace the certificates and keys with the CA certificates and keys

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3.  Replace the certificates and keys with the CA certificates and keys. You can do so either by using an intermediate key or root key or using certificates without a key. In this example, we use an intermediate or root key.
```
delete lines 319-323

    -   Using intermediate key or root key

    -   Using certificates without key

    **Steps to use intermediate or root key:**

    a. Generate a private key for the server:
 
       ```shell
       openssl genrsa -des3 -out server.key 4096
       openssl rsa -in server.key -out server.key
       ```

    b. Generate a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) for the server:

       ```shell
       openssl req -new -key server.key -out server.csr -subj '/C=IN/ST=MH/L=Pune/O=PEM/CN=pem.enterprisedb.com'
       ```

>     c. Ask your CA to generate an intermediate key pair and sign the intermediate CSR for your server. After root CA signs the CSR, the intermediate CA can install the `root.crt` along with its own `intermediate.key`. Append your `root.crt` to `intermediate.crt`:

Reviewer 2: This step is a little confusing. It might help to break it into two steps: one about getting the intermediate key from the CA (making it clear what things you do and what things the CA does) and one where the user is the actor (Append your root.crt ...)

       ```shell
       cat root.crt >> intermediate.crt
       ```
    
    d. Create a server certificate using the intermediate key and certificate:

       ```shell
       openssl x509 -req -days 365 -in server.csr -CA intermediate.crt -CAkey intermediate.key -CAcreateserial -out server.crt
        
       # Verify the server certificate is signed by the intermediate certificate
       openssl verify -verbose -CAfile intermediate.crt server.crt
       __OUTPUT__
       server.crt: OK
       ```

    e. Copy the intermediate certificate and key files:
    
       ```shell
       cp intermediate.crt ca_certificate.crt
       cp intermediate.key ca_key.key
    
4. Change the owner to `enterprisedb` and set the permissions:
       
   ```shell
   chown enterprisedb server.* root.* ca_* intermediate.*
   chmod 600 server.* root.* ca_*  intermediate.*
   ```

5. Modify the parameters in the postgresql.conf file of backend database server:
    
   ```ini
   # Comment the `ssl_crl_file` parameter
   ssl = on
   ssl_cert_file = 'server.crt'
   ssl_key_file = 'server.key'
   ssl_ca_file = 'intermediate.crt’
   ```

> !!! Note

Reviewer 2: embed this not under the step

>     Do not restart the database server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Do not restart the database server at this point.
```

                FETCH cur_agent_list INTO rec_agent;
                EXIT WHEN NOT FOUND;
                -- create a job for renew the agent certificates
                INSERT INTO pem.job(
                    jobname, jobdesc, agent_id, jobnextrun) 
                VALUES(
                    'Renew agent certificate','This job renew the agent certificate', rec_agent.id, now()) 
                RETURNING jobid INTO v_jobid;
                -- create the jobstep for the above created job
                INSERT INTO pem.jobstep(
                    jstjobid, jstname, jstdesc, jstkind, jstcode) 
                VALUES (
                    v_jobid, 'Renew agent certificate','This job step runs to renew the agent certificate.', 'i','renew_agent_certificate') RETURNING jstid INTO v_jobstepid;
                RAISE INFO 'Created a job (#% with step #%) for Agent#% (%)', v_jobid, v_jobstepid, rec_agent.id, rec_agent.description;
            END LOOP;
            CLOSE cur_agent_list;
       END
       $BODY$;
    
    # Execute the above created function
    SELECT pem.create_job_for_renewing_certs();
    ```

7. Restart the PEM backend database server: 
    
   ```shell

>    systemctl restart edb-as-<x>.service

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   systemctl restart edb-as-14.service
```

   ```
    

>    Where `<x>` is the EDB Postgres Advanced server version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
We can be specific because this is an example

>    To do a sanity check all the agent-level jobs are completed successfully, you can go to PEM agents in the browser tree and check the status of the scheduled tasks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   To check all the agent-level jobs are completed successfully, go to the PEM agents in the browser tree and check the status of the scheduled tasks.
```

>    Each agent's new certificates and keys are in `/root/.pem`. The PEM server and agents are up and running using new certificates and keys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Each agent's new certificates and keys are in `/root/.pem`. If the jobs completed successfully, the PEM server and agents are up and running using new certificates and keys.
```
